(BELL focused)
(fighting)
(BELL concerned)
(focused)
Lady Mikoto, behind you!
Fire ..Bolt!
[WELF] I figured we'd run into
some trouble. Good thing we had
help.
For sure. Thanks for the
backup, Miss Mikoto.
Anytime. I'm the one who asked
to tag along in the first place.
The least I could
do was assist you.
Seriously, You've been
such a huge help.
Agreed. We're really
making some good time
cruising through with an
extra person on the team.
[LILI] Right? When it was just
us three, I was worried that
we wouldn't make it.
It's good to have you
around this time.
I'm sorry, Bell.
Our behavior forced you
into a dangerous situation
and I deeply regret it.
Please don't even worry
about it, Miss Mikoto.
It's water under
the bridge.
[MIKOTO] I hope I can find a
way to make it up to your party.
[WELF] Bah, you're fine.
[BELL, internal] The
middle floors, huh?
[LILI] Just don't do it again.
[BELL] This is no time
to let down our guard...
[MIKOTO] Oh no, I would never.
[BELL, internal] but it seems
like we're starting to get the
hang of things.
[BELL, internal] From here
on out, I'm going to keep
pushing forward.
And then, I'll be
one step closer...
[BELL, internal] I'm going
to catch up to her...!
[BELL, LILI, WELF] Cheers!
(refreshing gasp)
Congratulations on
your rank up, Welf!
Thanks, buddy.
[LILI] Lvl. 2, huh?
Ya know, since you're one of
the Hephaistos Familia's
best blacksmiths..
everything you make is
going to be worth a lot
more from now on.
Well... I'm just relieved this
means there's less of a chance
I'll tarnish Hephaistos'
good name. Ya know?
But sadly..
This is probably
the end of
our charming little
party as we know it.
The whole reason you
joined us on our journey
in the first place..
was so you could rank up
and acquire some new
smithing abilities, right?
I guess now that you've
done that this is it.
(WELF amused smirk)
[WELF] Quit looking at me with
those sad puppy dog eyes.
Ha! You think I would just
ditch you guys because I
got what I wanted?
(surprised)
Count on it, kid... (chomp)
I'm stayin'!
(BELL & LILI happy)
[WELF] Although it's too bad
Mikoto didn't come with us
tonight.
[WELF] We're not exactly
strangers anymore.
Well, she did mention
that she had a previous
engagement. (chomp)
Don't you think that's maybe
she's just being polite?
Since she is from a different
familia, after all.
[WELF] But the three of
us are all from different
familias, too...
[BELL] (quick laugh) Now that
you mention it, I guess we are.
Hey, Master Bell!
Have you gotten any
closer to ranking up yet?
[BELL] (chewing) My ability
level rose quite a bit after we
got back from the 18th Floor.
[WELF] Are you kidding me?
I finally caught up to
you, and you're already
almost a lvl. 3?
That's just not fair!
[LILI] Come on,
what'd you expect?
[WELF] Tch. You,
don't talk so much.
[LUAN] What's all this
talk about a lvl. 3?
[WELF] Huh?
I don't give a fat squat
how fast you say you've
gotten that high.
The fact of the matter
is, you're nothing but
a big damn liar.
[LUAN] You're a scared little
bunny boy,
running away from monsters and
using your friends to rank up!
And now you've piggy‐backed
your way to almost level three?
If I were that pathetic, I'd be
too embarrassed to show my face
in public! (taunting laugh)
[WELF] And here we go..
Just ignore the little
twerp, Master Bell.
[BELL] Uh.. (agreeing nod)
Oh, look! These must be his
absent‐minded, misfit buddies.
[LUAN] A blacksmith who
can't sell his crap.
[LUAN] and a pint‐sized
supporter brat.
[LUAN] I guess they're a fitting
bunch for the "Phony Rookie"!
(laugh)
(APOLLO FAM laughter)
Of course he would pal
around with the rejects.
I mean, what else would
you expect from a weakling
and a puny familia?
What a sad freaking joke.
[LUAN] They obviously have no
dignity...
Just look at their leader:
a no‐name goddess who's only
redeeming quality is her giant
floppy boobs!
(BELL struggling to stay calm)
You take that back!
[LUAN] Eek!
[LILI] Please calm down,
Master Bell...
(nervous laugh) Oh whatever.
You're only mad because you
know it's true!
Come on, just admit it! It must
be humiliating having to serve
that bimbo runt of a goddess!
(BELL anger)
(gasp)
[WELF] Oops, dropped my beer.
(APOLLO FAM angry)
[APOLLO FAM] What are you doing?
Jeez, typical bar‐dwelling
adventurers...
(fighting)
[WELF] Gimme somebody.
[WELF] Little punk!
[WELF] Anybody wants some more?!
[HYACINTH] I'll play along.
(WELF surprised)
[BELL] You okay?
Master Bell!
Don't tell me that's all
you've got, Little Rookie.
And I was just getting started.
[MAN A] Is he.. from the Apollo
Familia?
[MAN B] That would be
"Phoebus Apollo,"
he's known as Hyacinth?!
[MAN C] I've heard he's a level
3..
[HYACINTH] The punishment for
hurting my friends is severe.
Accept the consequences of
your poorly chosen actions!
(BELL can't breathe)
(HYACINTH enjoying this)
"Huh?"
[BETE] I didn't want to do
this... But you're ruining
my good mood.
(CROWD tense)
Now you can either shut up.
Or get the hell out.
(BELL impact) (pain)
I'm afraid I've lost interest.
We're leaving.
(BELL pain)
Yeah, you handled that
real well, Rookie.
Tch, little dumbass...
Master Bell! Please
tell me you're okay!
[WELF] What was his problem?
That was totally nuts.
[HESTIA] You did an amazing
job, Bell! (happy)
I kinda didn't expect you
to come back in such rough
shape though. (playful laugh)
[HESTIA] What a naughty boy you
are. I'm not sure if I should be
proud or concerned...
You hear that Master Bell?
You've been acting all
sorts of reckless lately!
And it's all Master
Welf's bad influence!
Hey, don't try to pin this on
me, Lil' Bit. And can you be a
little more gentle with me?
[LILI] No, I cannot!
Regardless.
You should be more careful about
the fights you pick.
Just look at all these
bumps and bruises.
(BELL pain) (heavy exhale)
Yes, but.. Those guys were
jerks. They said some awful
things about you, Goddess.
[BELL] When I heard them
disrespect you, I lost it.
It actually makes me very happy
to know that you're ready to
jump to my defense.
But.. I don't like the idea
of you putting yourself in
danger.. So just be careful.
But Goddess..
Do your best to laugh it
off if it happens again.
Just promise me, next time..
You'll think to yourself "My
goddess wouldn't give them a
second thought." Alright?
(sigh) Okay..
I'll do better if
it happens again.
[BELL] I'm sorry.. Goddess...
Anyway.. I can't help but wonder
what was up with those guys?
It makes me worry that
they might try to retaliate.
Did you catch what
familia they were from?
It was the Apollo Familia.
What did you say...?
[EINA] You got in a fight
with the Apollo Familia?
That's right... Goddess
Hestia was disappointed..
(EINA sigh)
Then I suppose there's no need
for me to scold you any further.
But I should remind you, that as
your advisor, this is not the
sort of thing I like to hear.
I'm sorry, Miss Eina.
(smile) Well, what's
done is in the past
for now.
Just be careful
from now on, okay?
We don't want to cause
tension between familias,
or else the city could
turn into a battlefield.
[BELL] Eh, yeah... You're right.
So are you're heading
for the 13th Floor then?
Yeah, I think we should be
able to handle it from here.
Very well. You do your
best out there, okay?
[BELL] I will!
[DAPHNE] You're Bell
Cranel, correct?
(BELL curious)
[BELL] Yes, that's me.
[DAPHNE] Here. Pass this along
to your goddess then.
(BELL surprised)
[DAPHNE] I'm Daphne.
And this is Cassandra.
As you can probably assume,
we're from the Apollo Familia.
And that.. is a formal
invitation from Master
Apollo himself.
Not that...
We actually care whether you
come to the banquet or not.
[DAPHNE] Shh.
[CASSANDRA] Ow.
[DAPHNE] We've done
our job. Let's go.
[DAPHNE] You have my sympathies.
(BELL confused)
[HESTIA] Hmm...
Well it isn't that just
a friggin' coincidence
that they decided to invite
us now of all times...
Man, I had a feeling they
weren't going to just let it
go...
So, is this an invitation
to the banquet of the gods?
Exactly. And it looks like
things are going to be
a little more interesting
this time around...
[HESTIA] Apollo and I didn't
exactly get along back in
Heaven, either...
[HESTIA] Anyway!
I've got a plan!
We'll enlist Miach and Take.
Then we can all go together!
How does that sound, Bell?
[BELL] Huh? Go together...?
(HESTIA devious giggle)
(BELL sigh) (fidgeting)
[HESTIA] You look
so handsome, Bell!
[BELL] Huh?
[HESTIA] There's no need to
be nervous. You'll be fine.
[BELL] I hope so...
Oh, Apollo.
You're a real cunning devil,
making us bring one of
our children along...
[HESTIA] I guess even he
can have a good idea every
now and then!
[MIACH] You have my
gratitude, Hestia.
(HESTIA notice)
Our clothing and our ride...
You really did take care
of everything for us.
Oh please... I'd do
anything for Naaza.
A girl should pamper
herself now and then.
You have my deepest
gratitude, Lady Hestia.
Well, I think Takemikazuchi
should be here any minute now.
Shall we head inside?
[BELL] Uh. S‐sure!
(fancy party chatter)
Oh Hey! Hestia and Miach!
How wonderful, you brought
Bell and Naaza with you!
I see that you're as obnoxious
and loud as ever, Hermes...
Though I'm surprised to see
you and Take together.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] To be honest,
I'd rather be pretty much
anywhere else...
(TAKEMIKAZUCHI grumble)
Now, that's not very
nice, Takemikazuchi!
We worked together during the
mission to rescue Bell and his
party.
Come on, I thought we were
better friends than that!
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI]
Get off me, Hermes.
[HERMES] Oh, my.
Mikoto looks just lovely this
evening, and you two are
certainly dressed to impress...
But may I advert your
eyes to this feast!
[HERMES] My dear Asfi cleans
up nicely, doesn't she?
Um, please don't try to
embarrass me, Master Hermes.
Or I might have to punch you.
You're cute when you're
bashful, you know that?
(ASFI flustered)
[APOLLO] Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for joining me today!
Oh.. our host has made
his big entrance...
So that guy is... Master Apollo?
That's right,
it would appear so.
(BELL gasp) (concern)
[APOLLO] I want to make this
event more interesting and shake
things up a little. I hope
everything is to your liking.
[APOLLO] The act of dressing up
our precious children
and showing them off at our
banquet is such an indulgent
treat, is it not?
[GOD A] Well said, Apollo!
[GOD B] Hear, hear!
It fills me with great joy,
to see my brethren and their
children.
Quite a splendid night, indeed.
You know, I feel I will make
many new friends this evening.
I consider myself
truly blessed...
(BELL gasp)
[APOLLO] Come now,
the night is young!
Please enjoy yourselves
to your hearts' content!
(CROWD cheer)
(dies down to party chatter)
(HESTIA aggressively eating)
[HERMES] Looking to
chat with Apollo?
(BELL surprised)
Not quite..
I was just thinking
Goddess Hestia and I
ought to at least
say hello though...
Apollo and I go way back to when
all of us gods
used to live in Heaven.
He's a real firecracker.
Plus he never seems to
run out of stories about
his love life...
Isn't that right, Hestia?
(angry munching)
Yeah, well that'd I know!?
(HERMES soft chuckle)
He's also known
for being..
[HERMES] Quite ruthless..
Huh? Wait, can you
elaborate on that?
(CROWD in awe)
(BELL notice)
[HERMES] Oh, it appears another
celebrity has arrived.
[BELL] Wait, who is that...?
Surely you must
have heard of her.
Patron goddess, of Freya
Familia...
That my friend, is Lady Freya.
[BELL] Lady Freya...
[HESTIA] Don't you dare
look at her, Bell!
[BELL] G‐G‐Goddess...! What
the...?! (struggling)
[HESTIA] If you stare at a
goddess of beauty for too
(struggling noises)
(HESTIA & BELL notice)
[FREYA] Well if it isn't
Hestia. It's been a while.
Miach, Takemikazuchi.
I hope you've all been well.
Hmph, we're great!
Now you can move along.
H‐hello...
You look as divine as
always, Lady Freya.
(MIKOTO & NAAZA anger)
(TAKEMIKAZUCHI & MIACH pain)
(FREYA smug)
(BELL nervous)
I wonder if I'll get to
see something spectacular
this evening...
[HESTIA] Hey! I don't think so!
And what the hell are you
getting all flustered for?!
A goddess like her won't
hesitate to gobble up any man
she can get her hands on!
Don't you realize, she'd
chew you up and spit you
out in an instant, Bell?!
[BELL] I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
I apologize for any
unintentional offense
I may have caused you darling,
Hestia. Please excuse me.
[LOKI] There you are,
little imp!
(HESTIA annoyed)
[BELL] Miss Ais...
And when exactly did
you show up, huh?!
I guess you're just too
boring for anyone to notice
your presence!
Oh, shut yer trap! If you
wanna complain to someone, do it
to that little hussy, Freya!
She's the diva who stole
the spotlight from me and
my sweet little Aisypoo!
[HESTIA] Oh sure, blame all
your short comings on her!
[HESTIA] Are you dressed like a
man to avoid the embarrassment
of your nonexistent boobs?!
[LOKI] You wish! I dressed like
this tonight 'cause it's about
my darling Ais!
[LOKI] A mouthy twerp like
you would never understand!
(AIS uneasy)
(LOKI notice)
Huh? So I see you brought
your little puppy along.
You know... Honestly, he
isn't much to look at. Not
like my gorgeous Aisypoo! ?
(BELL eek!) (comedic faint)
(HESTIA nervous)(offended)
My Bell is way more
adorable that your dumb
Wallen‐whaters‐whatever!
He's like a cute and
cuddly little bunny!
[LOKI] Cuddly? Please.
Don't make me laugh!
[LOKI] My Ais is a million
times cuter and cooler
and more capable! She's on
a whole 'nother level!
[HESTIA] I don't think so!
(LOKI frustrated grunt)
I swear, just about
the only thing
she's ever been good for
is killin' the damn mood!
[LOKI] Let's go, Ais!
Took the words right outta' my
mouth! Let's go, Bell.
(HESTIA & LOKI hmph!)
[BELL, internal] I see it now...
The rift between familias...
[BELL, internal] I guess
this is just the way things
normally are...
Hmm...
I don't think I really fit
in here... I feel so out of
my element.
(BELL notice)
That looks like..
[BELL] Huh?
(tense)
Oh, there you are, Bell.
[BELL] Master Hermes...
What are you
doing out here?
Don't tell me a spicy
cutie caught your eye?
Uh, no.. That's not why.
(BELL curious)
Well, since we're both here...
Mind if we have a quick
lil' chat?
So tell me Bell, just why did
you become an adventurer?
Oh, um. Because my
grandfather told me as a kid,
[BELL] that "Orario is filled to
the brim with women and riches,
beyond our wildest dreams."
He also told me to "find
a beautiful goddess,
and join her familia" and
then to "pledge my life
to her." That's about it.
[HERMES] (laughs) Oh my
gods, you mean, he told
you that as a child?
(BELL laugh)
He also told me, when
the time comes...
"to go out there and be a hero."
[HERMES] (quick laugh) Well...
Your grandfather sounds like a
real hoot if you ask me.
So anyway, are you going
to ask anyone to dance?
Huh? No! Absolutely not!
Besides, I don't even know the
first thing about dancing.
Come on, you don't want to
disappoint your grandfather.
Some of the world's most
beautiful women are here,
not everyone is this fortunate.
Now's your perfect chance
to make a move, kid.
Um... Yeah, but...
Well, if you won't
do it yourself,
then I suppose I'll have
to give you a little push.
Huh? (panic)
[HERMES] If it isn't the
lovely Sword Princess!
May I, the humble and unassuming
god, Hermes, please have the
honor of this dance?
Huh?
(AIS glance)
Shut your face! Quiet!
[HERMES] Oh no, how terrible!
(AIS surprised)
I've suddenly remembered
a matter I must attend to!
What a wretched man I am,
abandoning a lady after
inviting her to dance...
May I request your
cooperation Bell?!
Please kindly come and
dance with the Sword
Princess in my stead!
Huh?
[BELL] Huh?!
I'll leave you to it.
Don't do anything I wouldn't
do, Rookie. M'kay...
(nervous)
[BELL] Wait? Wha?
Master Hermes?!
(HERMES smirk)
(BELL stunned)
(BELL stammering)
(clears throat)
May I please have the pleasure
of this next dance, m'lady?
[NAAZA] Why, of course.
(MIACH & NAAZA smirk)
[BELL] It's Master Miach...
Uh.. Do you...
May I please, have this
dance with you? Please?
I'd love to.
(BELL nervous)
(AIS notice)
(even more nervous)
Um...!
(BELL clumsy)
(BELL nervous)
Just calm down.
Don't stare at the floor.
And lift your head up.
Master Bell. Don't worry.
Everything will be fine...
just avoid stepping on her feet.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] You're an
adventurer, aren't you?
Look her in the eye.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI] You don't
have to be an expert. It's
all about "give and take."
[LOKI] (angry scream!) You're
killin' me, Ais! Whaddya think
you're doin', dancin' with that
little freak?!
Bell! Get away from that
damn Wallen‐whaters‐whatser
floozy right this instant!
(HESTIA & LOKI angry)
[ASFI] Oh, Master Hermes. I
have a feeling you're going
to regret this later...
Heh.. I've already
accepted my fate...
Say, Ottarl.. Do you think it
might be possible to lead a herd
of minotaurs in here?
I don't think so,
Lady Freya.
I've never danced with
anyone... before...
Is that the truth...?
[AIS] Mmhmm.
[AIS] I think I like
it. Thank you.
[APOLLO] Esteemed guests!
How are we all enjoying
the banquet?
(CROWD soft murmur)
(APOLLO creepy laugh)
(BELL nervous!)
[HESTIA] Bell!
Salutations, Hestia.
I heard a rather nasty rumor our
children had a bit of a run‐in.
Uh.. Y‐yeah..
I suppose they did.
One of mine suffered
serious injuries at the
hands of your child.
And I'd like to request
some compensation.
Wha?! What are you talking
about?! I'll have you know, Bell
was in pretty bad shape as well!
He's not the only
party responsible.
Can you still make such a
claim, when you see this?!
It hurts! Ow, ow! The pain!
(CROWD shocked murmur)
(BELL gasp)
Jeez, Bell.. did you
really do that...?
[BELL] No! I didn't!
I swear, Goddess!
As I'm told your child was the
one who started the altercation.
There were witnesses. You can't
talk your way out of this.
(cocky smirk)
He's backed her
into a corner...
(MIACH quiet agreement)
(HESTIA annoyed)
Bah, what a joke!
I won't just stand here
and be insulted!
We're leaving, Bell!
Oh?
You intend to ignore your
child's wrongdoings...
dear Hestia?
(HESTIA annoyed)
(creepy smirk)
You've left me no choice!
As head of the Apollo Familia,
I challenge you to a War Game!
(CROWD cheering)
[MAN A] Finally! A War Game!
[MAN B] Apollo doesn't
mess around, does he?!
[WOMAN A] I can't
wait to see who wins!
And if we win this clash..
[APOLLO] Then Bell Cranel
will belong to us!
Huh!?
(pleasurable slurp)
(gasp)
[CLOSING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
[HESTIA] Next time: "Apollo."